As the use of typewriters grew in the late 19th century, the phrase began appearing in typing lesson books as a practice sentence.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Hello, start typing here.
Numerous references to the phrase have occurred in movies, television, books, video games, advertising, websites, and graphic arts.
Lightning is a natural phenomenon formed by electrostatic discharges through the atmosphere between two electrically charged regions, either both in the atmosphere or one in the atmosphere and one on the ground, temporarily neutralizing these in a near-instantaneous release of an average of between 200 megajoules and 7 gigajoules of energy, depending on the type.
This is a test sentence.
Try your best to type as more characters as you can.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun. 
Uranus is a gaseous cyan-coloured ice giant. 
Most of the planet is made of water, ammonia, and methane in a supercritical phase of matter, which in astronomy is called 'ice' or volatiles.
Like the other giant planets, Uranus has a ring system, a magnetosphere, and 28 orbiting natural satellites.
Before its recognition as a planet, Uranus had been observed on numerous occasions, albeit generally misidentified as a star.
Steven Paul Jobs was an American businessman, inventor, and investor best known for co-founding the technology giant Apple Inc.
Steve Jobs was born in San Francisco in 1955 and adopted shortly afterwards.
That really kindled a passion in me for learning things! I learned more that year than I think I learned in any other year in school.
Funds raised during the Telegram ICO were planned to be used for the development of Telegram and TON and for the ongoing expenses required to support the growth of the ecosystem.
More than 80 percent of collected funds planned to be spent on equipment, bandwidth, colocation, and user verification costs.
The rest planned to be allocated for wages, offices, and legal and consulting services.
Telegram introduces design and first implementation of TON Blockchain. 
Nakamoto implemented the bitcoin software as open-source code and released it in January 2009.
On 3 January 2009, the bitcoin network was created when Nakamoto mined the starting block of the chain, known as the genesis block.